---
layout: post
title:  "Fair Well Hair!"
date:   2016-12-13 01:00:00 +0800
categories: haircut atrocities car
---
Hey guys, guess who got a haircut? Me. It was me. It's fucking awful. Never get your hair cut by anyone who's like "oh, your hair is kind of curly but it'll be fine" - they are wrong. So very, very wrong. They will cut your hair that one inch too short, and it will literally ruin everything. You'll get super pissed off. You'll try and take some photos, hoping maybe you look like Edward Norton on a bad hair day, when you were going for a receeding hairline Mark Whalberg. No, you look like someone put a balding Ellen DeGeneres cut on a coked out Edward Norton directly after he beats the living shit out of himself at the end of Fight Club (if I just spoiled that movie for you, grow up, it's 2016, if you've been "planning to watch that movie" you're just lying to yourself). Then this will put you in a shit mood, and after you drive forty five minutes south to pick up your girlfriend from work, you'll put you new car in "REVERSE" instead of "DRIVE" because you've switched to an automatic car a week ago after six years of driving a manual, and you'll swing out right a giant yellow concrete pole, denting your car in the one spot you need a fucking six foot poll to reach to pop out, because that's just how life is, then you spend the next forty five minutes driving back, realising that you had a ton of stuff that you were going to do because you have a job interview tomorrow, and you were going to play with strobes to try and nail this look for an Christmas themed LoL shoot with your friends, and you still had to make dinner, prep for the interview and just basically do way more things than will be possible now that you've spent an hour and a half of your progressively diminishing and horrific clusterfuck of a day doing nothing but wasting a shit ton of petrol and damaging your car because your girlfriend wanted to see your hair cut two hours early.
/ / ~ ~ e n d m e ~ ~ / /
